
background		        = default	default
frame			        = white		default
window_title	        = white		black 	bold
directory		        = blue		default
selected_directory	    = black		white 	bold
playlist		        = cyan		default
selected_playlist	    = black		white 	bold
file			        = white		default
selected_file		    = black		white	bold
marked_file		        = white		default	bold
marked_selected_file	= white		black	bold
info			        = yellow	default
status			        = magenta	default
title			        = cyan		default
state			        = green		default
current_time		    = green		default
time_left		        = green		default
total_time		        = green		default
time_total_frames	    = green		default
sound_parameters	    = green 	default
legend			        = green		default
disabled		        = black		default
enabled			        = white		default	bold
empty_mixer_bar		    = white		default
filled_mixer_bar	    = white     black
empty_time_bar		    = white		default
filled_time_bar		    = white		black
entry			        = cyan		default
entry_title		        = cyan		default
error			        = red		default	bold
message			        = red       default
plist_time		        = green		default
